Update the troubleshooting section (#16660)
DataDog/integrations-core: tomcat/README.md

### Missing `tomcat.*` metrics

> The Datadog agent collects JMX metrics with either `Catalina` or `Tomcat` as bean domain names with the Datadog Agent **7.49.0** and newer. Older versions only collect metrics with `Catalina` as the bean domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent collects JMX metrics with either `Catalina` or `Tomcat` as bean domain names with the Datadog Agent version **7.49.0** or later. Older versions only collect metrics with `Catalina` as the bean domain name.
```

Standalone Tomcat deployments have metrics under domain `Catalina`, but embedded Tomcat deployments (such as with Spring Boot) have metrics under domain `Tomcat`.

> If the Datadog agent is older than **7.49.0**, and if the exposed Tomcat metrics are prefixed with a different bean domain name, such as `Tomcat`, copy the default metrics from the `metrics.yaml` file to the `conf` section of the `tomcat.d/conf.yaml` file and modify the `domain` filter to use the applicable bean domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Datadog Agent version is older than **7.49.0**, and if the exposed Tomcat metrics are prefixed with a different bean domain name such as `Tomcat`, copy the default metrics from the `metrics.yaml` file to the `conf` section of the `tomcat.d/conf.yaml` file and modify the `domain` filter to use the applicable bean domain name.
```
